Update documentation about backup strategies (#495)
ottogroup/penelope: Readme.md

|-------------------------|-----------------------------------------|------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------|
| Backup Frequency        | once                                    | every X hours, min=1                     | every hour                               |
| Retention Period        | configurable, default=0 (forever)       | configurable, default=0 (forever)        | configurable, default=0 (forever)        |
| Updated files in source | N/A                                     | Files are replaced                       | Files are replaced                       |
| Deleted files in source | N/A                                     | Files are kept in backup Bucket          | Files are kept in backup Bucket          |
| Trashcan support        | no                                      | no                                       | yes                                      |
| Object versioning       | N/A, default to GCP organization policy | N/A, default to GCP organization policy  | N/A, default to GCP organization policy  |

> #### Trashcan for Cloud Storage

Reviewer: add section for mirror ttl option what it does and general considerations:
Mirror TTL is implemented aa lifecycle rule on sink bucket based on age. In other words, for scenarios where sources from mirror buckets do not undergo regular data changes, a mirror TTL is not recommended.

This feature is used when the backup strategy is set to "**Mirroring**".

In the target bucket a "trashcan" folder is created. When a data object is deleted in the source bucket, then the object is moved to the "trashcan" folder in the backup bucket. When in the source project same file with the same path is re-created then existing file in the trashcan is replaced. The object remains in the trashcan for a fours weeks - after the retention period the object is permanently deleted from the trashcan.

#### Cloud Storage limitations

> We deploy Penelope in Google App Engine Standard Environment and F1 machine type used. After years of testing we found out that the following limitations exists:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Penelope is deployed in Google App Engine Standard Environment. After years of testing we found out that the following limitations exists:
```

| Retention Period                  | configurable, default=0 (forever)       | configurable, default=0 (forever)                          | configurable, default=0 (forever)                            |
| Updated table/partition in source | N/A                                     | Full copy of table/partition is always made to a new path. | Only changed table/partition will be copied to backup bucket |
| Deleted table/partition           | N/A                                     | Existing copy are kept.                                    | Existing copy is kept for four weeks.                        |
| Trashcan support                  | no                                      | no                                                         | no                                                           |
| Object versioning                 | N/A, default to GCP organization policy | N/A, default to GCP organization policy                    | N/A, default to GCP organization policy                      |                    

#### BigQuery limitations

> We deploy Penelope in Google App Engine Standard Environment and F1 machine type used. After years of testing we found out that the following limitations exists:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Penelope is deployed in Google App Engine Standard Environment. After years of testing we found out that the following limitations exists:
```

    * Storage Legacy Bucket Reader (```roles/storage.legacyBucketReader```)
        * **NOTE**: it is done automatically set by the ```runner``` service account
    * Storage Legacy Bucket Writer (```roles/storage.legacyBucketWriter```)
        * **NOTE**: it is done automatically set by the ```runner``` service account

## Backups

There are two types of backups supported by Penelope:

* Cloud Storage
* BigQuery
  each of them will be described in the following sections.

#### Backup Settings for Time To Life/Move (TTL/TTM)

There are three settings that affect stored backup data:

* Mirror TTL
    * will delete objects in the backup bucket that are older than the configured TTL
    * this option is added due to regulatory requirements for data retention limitation in some industries

>     * **IMPORTANT** this setting can eventually delete the entire backup after the configured TTL it is not recommended when the source data is not coming or change frequently

Reviewer 2: What do you mean by "data is not coming or [...]" ? Also maybe is more recommended for bigquery table?

| Updated table/partition in source | N/A                                     | Full copy of table/partition is always made to a new path. | Only changed table/partition will be copied to backup bucket |
| Deleted table/partition           | N/A                                     | Existing copy are kept.                                    | Existing copy is kept for four weeks.                        |
| Trashcan support                  | no                                      | no                                                         | no                                                           |
| Object versioning                 | N/A, default to GCP organization policy | N/A, default to GCP organization policy                    | N/A, default to GCP organization policy                      |                    

#### BigQuery limitations

Penelope is deployed in Google App Engine Standard Environment. After years of testing we found out that the following limitations exists:

* up to 1800 new BigQuery export jobs (for each Table/Partition) can be started every 5 minutes

> * up to 100'000 new BigQuery export jobs can be handled per project per day - this is hard quota from Google Cloud Platform

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* up to 100,000 new BigQuery export jobs can be handled per project per day - this is hard quota from Google Cloud Platform
```

|-------------------------|-----------------------------------------|------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------|
| Backup Frequency        | once                                    | every X hours, min=1                     | every hour                               |
| Retention Period        | configurable, default=0 (forever)       | configurable, default=0 (forever)        | configurable, default=0 (forever)        |
| Updated files in source | N/A                                     | Files are replaced                       | Files are replaced                       |
| Deleted files in source | N/A                                     | Files are kept in backup Bucket          | Files are kept in backup Bucket          |
| Trashcan support        | no                                      | no                                       | yes                                      |
| Object versioning       | N/A, default to GCP organization policy | N/A, default to GCP organization policy  | N/A, default to GCP organization policy  |

> #### Cloud Storage Settings for Time To Life/Move (TTL/TTM)

Reviewer: I would argue that the distinction for Cloud Storage and BigQuery only created additional mental overhead and  could only be mentioned as a foot note. also here the note should be added:
* **IMPORTANT** for **Oneshot** strategy this setting has will eventually delete the entire backup after the configured TTL it is not recommended to set this value for oneshot backups
